---
title: 09/01/17
layout: post
author: jamie.robinson
permalink: /09/01/17/
source-id: 1yyZLEG-ux36-Zc8o9BoXLU_90WaB09UMfdsKkDhYHLk
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td></td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>09/01/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Filling out a survey</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To learn general Information About Education </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target?</td>
    <td> Yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The way I learnt in this lesson was if I listened carefully and didn't get distracted then i retained more information and I learnt more. I think this strategy was quite effectful. At one part of the lesson we learnt about in our lesson is how screens can affect our sleeping patterns. How i'm going to learn from that is i'm going to do a test where I go to sleep when i was on screen and see how well I sleep and then i'm going to do the same but don't go on screen and see the difference.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think the things that limited my learning was the people around me. I think that this affected my learning was because as I was in a group of people they were all laughing, talking and making noises at certain moments I think that distracted me a bit. As I was being a bit distracted I maybe didn't retain as much information as i normally could have. Also I think the fact that I wasn't doing proper work I was just listening affected my learning because If I wasn't doing actual work then i wasn't putting the information I learnt into real use.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will maybe try not to get distracted by the people around me. This will help me because it limited my learning last time so if i can improve that then I will be able to learn  a lot more complex things because i've moved on from the easy begginer work.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


