---
title: Lesson 11-3-16
layout: post
author: jamie.robinson
permalink: /lesson-11-3-16/
source-id: 1ZdhaFfulkBmFr3K_o0lcGFWXvR2ChANuLOJoWztR0_k
published: true
---
Lesson 11/3/16

Peripherals= Is the device that runs the inputs and outputs e.g. a scanner is peripheral but RAM isn't.

Hard  drive= Is the device that contains all of the *storage* of your computer. It is long term.

RAM= The device that stores all of the *memory *of your computer. Unlike the hard drive it is short term so once you turn off the device it all goes.

CPU (Central Processing Unit)= Is the part of the computer that gives it all of the info and instructions to make the computer work and know what to do. 

Internet security

Malware= Is a combination of the words *malicious *and *software*. It is a type of virus. Other types of malware include trojans and worms that also affect the computer in similiar ways.

Virus= Is a type of software designed to cause problems to your computer. It spreads by attaching itself to different attachments. It will slow the computer down or stop you from using it. Most softwares that affect your computer are some type of virus.

Worm= Is a type of virus that attaches itself to other computers/websites so you cannot avoid them.

Trojan= Is a virus that pretends to be a trusted website but attacks once you try to run it.

Zombienet/Botnet= Is a group of attackers trying to stop a certain person from using that browser.

These things usually infect the computer by slowing it down or making it so you can't get access to that certain device.

