---
title: Lesson 3.10.16
layout: post
author: jamie.robinson
permalink: /lesson-3.10.16/
source-id: 1WfrnVw_6JEMzpUnoHeDkneL31q7mszp94ZUuwAqwg9g
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Lesson on fixing our blogs</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>03/10/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Having a broken blog that doesn't work</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To fix my blog</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes I did as it is now fixed</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>At first I was finding it difficult as I didn't really know what was happening and I was a bit all over the place but after a while, and after my teacher told us all the possibilities of what could be wrong with it, I started to understand it a lot more and I managed to finish/ fix my problem. I thin a useful strategy was to focus and not get distracted, because i didn't get distracted I managed to finish it and get it fixed.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think I wasn’t very patient and so I got frustrated very easily as I couldn't do it at first. I think this limited my learning because it meant my learning towards it was slowing down so it was a bit of a cycle ; I get frustrated because I can't do it ------> I slow down as I am taking time to get frustrated about it ----> I get frustrated as I can't do it because I am slowing down.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will try not to get frustrated as easily as it will slow me down and it will end up with me getting even more upset and angry. This will improve my learning because it will speed up the process of actually doing it and that will result in me understanding it and being able to fix it in the future.   </td>
  </tr>
</table>


