---
title: 18-1-16
layout: post
author: jamie.robinson
permalink: /18-1-16/
source-id: 1DEHss3y-ltxFlCVd_qHHHYu15BAm6OV3zwK5msAWAk0
published: true
---
In today's lesson we learnt about all the different types of social media. For example and type of social media can be a painting or texting. We went around to everyone and ask them questions like do you have a computer or do you have a twitter account. For some of the questions it was really easy to find someone who lets say had a computer but it was really hard to find anyone who had a twitter account.

Later on in the lesson we watch an advert for a new car and we learnt how to find the target audience of the video, the subtext which is not the main reason of the advert but something that has a meaning but in a way only if you look hard you will find and the last one the untold story video.In today's lesson we learnt about all the different types of social media. For example and type of social media can be a painting or texting. We went around to everyone and ask them questions like do you have a computer or do you have a twitter account. For some of the questions it was really easy to find someone who lets say had a computer but it was really hard to find anyone who had a twitter account.

Later on in the lesson we watch an advert for a new car and we learnt how to find the target audience of the video, the subtext which is not the main reason of the advert but something that has a meaning but in a way only if you look hard you will find and the last one the untold story video.

