---
title: Lesson 19/09/16
layout: post
author: jamie.robinson
permalink: /lesson-19/09/16/
source-id: 19GCuFY-9zcTGt_l6E9V20eefrNa3ojZOFHjDCuzxtL8
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Coding on our Rasberry Pi Fuze box</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>19/09/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>The basics of coding</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To get as far as possible with our coding</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes because we got quite far</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>This lesson was learning the basics of coding. We had learnt a few bits from the previous lesson but that was literally just doing the real basics like how to start up your FUZE box and how to run commands. In this lesson we started to learn about how to get the FUZE box to say things and how to make it do simple maths like 1+1=2 and simple maths like that. I learnt well by reading through the booklet, even the little extra details, to understand it a bit more. A effective strategy was to read behind what i had already done to jog my memory back so it wa easier.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think me and my partner did quite a lot of work which was good but as we had done so much and it had been quite a long way through the lesson and we had done loads of work we started messing about with the coding and not doing what it said in the booklet. I think me and my partner need to work on focusing on the task at hand rather than messing around just because we have some spare time.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time i will focus on the task at hand and try and persuade my partner into not messing about if he is messing around with the coding. Also, i think i should do some home learning with code so i understand and we get more done for the lesson after that one because then i will finish quicker than everyone else and we will look good. Also if we finish the whole booklet we will have more time to not necessarily mess around but we could do thing that we make up to show what we have learnt and that is when we can not mess around but when we can be "let loose"you could say.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


